Website Terms, Conditions, and Notices AgreementBetween Customer and GoGolf, L.P.
Welcome to the mygogolfteetime.com website (the "Website"). This Website is provided solely to assist customers in gathering tee time information, determining the availability of tee time-related goods and services, making legitimate reservations or otherwise transacting business with golf tee time suppliers, and for no other purposes. The terms "we", "us", "our" and "mygogolfteeetime.com" refer to GoGolf, L.P., a Texas limited partnership and/or our subsidiaries. The term "you" refers to the customer visiting the Website and/or booking a tee time through us on this Website, or through our customer service agents.
This Website is offered to you conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions, and notices set forth below (collectively, the "Agreement"). By accessing or using this Website in any manner, you agree to be bound by the Agreement. Please read the Agreement carefully. If you do not accept all of these terms and conditions, please do not use this Website. Be sure to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the Agreement. We reserve the right at any time, at our sole discretion, to change or otherwise modify the Agreement without prior notice, and your continued access or use of this Website signifies your acceptance of the updated or modified Agreement.
Use of the Website
As a condition of your use of this Website, you warrant that
1. you are at least 18 years of age,
2. you possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation,
3. you will use this Website in accordance with this Agreement,
4. you will only use this Website to make legitimate reservations for you or for another person for whom you are legally authorized to act,
5. all information supplied by you on this Website is true, accurate, current and complete, and
6. if you have a mygogolfteetim.com account, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your account by anyone other than you. We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to this Website and the services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of this Agreement.

Prohibited Activities

The content and information on this Website (including, but not limited to, price and availability of tee time services), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to us or our suppliers and providers. While you may make limited copies of your tee time itinerary (and related documents) for tee time reservations or services booked through this Website, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from or through this Website. Additionally, you agree not to:
1. use this Website or its contents for any commercial purpose;
2. make any speculative, false, or fraudulent reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand;
3. access, monitor or copy any content or information of this Website using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;
4. violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Website or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Website;
5. take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
6. deep-link to any portion of this Website (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any tee time services) for any purpose without our express written permission; or
7. "frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of this Website into any other website without our prior written authorization.
Supplier Rules and Restrictions
Separate terms and conditions will apply to your reservation and purchase of tee time - related goods and services that you select. Please read these separate terms and conditions carefully. You agree to abide by the terms and conditions of purchase imposed by any supplier with whom you elect to deal, including, but not limited to, payment of all amounts when due and compliance with the supplier's rules and restrictions regarding availability and use of fares, products, or services. You acknowledge that some third-party providers offering certain services and/or activities may require you to sign their liability waiver prior to participating in the service and/or activity they offer. You understand that any violation of any such supplier's rules and restrictions may result in cancellation of your tee time(s), in your being denied access to the applicable golf course product or services, in your forfeiting any monies paid for such reservation(s), and/or in our debiting your account for any costs we incur as a result of such violation.

Privacy Policy